---
title: In Depth Structure
---

# In Depth Structure

before we start, we need to think of a good way to organize all our data.

the structure should follow some important characteristics:

- not overwhelming - avoid too many sections.
- clear naming - it's sections should have short understandable titles.
- logical - should make sense to the average user, and easy for navigation by logic alone.
- avoid confusion - it's sections should be easy to differ, and new content should easily know it's place.
- easy to pivot - shouldn't be locked, and it should be easy and even encouraged to rearrange it into something even better.
- optimal - each sub topic and content should have an optimal place, without duplications, unnecessary topics above or under it, and no hard to find navigation.

the basic things I want to include are:

- landing page
- projects
- blog (articles and guides)
- keywords (map of keywords of each topic)

all the data is so random - it touches on a variety of topics, and at different levels of depth.
so it would be better to divide it by the purposes I want to use the data. hopefully it will make sense to people.

I decided to divide it into 6 main sections, each unique in its purpose, style and content.

1. Round Table
2. Incubator
3. Academy
4. Observatory
5. Bazaar
6. Forge

cool names for sections: Planetarium, Observatory, Shepherd, Academy, Library, Key ring, Archives, Workbench, Armory, Forge, Sanctum, Lighthouse, Citadel, Oasis, Scriptorium, Ripperdoc's Clinic, Athenaeum, Knowledge base, Shower (thoughts), Daybook, Emporium, ledger, Souk, Trove.

I named them like that to bring some character and uniqueness to each one.
to better understand it, take a look at the full explanation of each one bellow.

we should improve it as we go, and afraid not of pivoting and rearranging everything for the sake of optimal usage, reading and contribution.

## Home

the landing page of the project. this is the first thing people will see so it should be eye catching, short and interesting.
there should be a "tip of the iceberg" explanation on the purpose, the vision, how to use it, how to navigate it, and how to contribute.

### folder layout

```
1. introduction
2. how to use it + how to navigate
3. structure
4. how to contribute
```

### guiding questions / theme

- what is this?
- how to start using it?
- where should I start?

## 1. Round Table

a place where I write down things that I view as potential problems, optional solutions to these problems, and projects that leverage the solutions to solve the problems in real life.

the goal is to be as objective and open minded as possible, list everything down, strategize, and discuss ways to make our world a better place, starting from a variety of smaller topics.

from here we can move ripe projects to the "Incubator" section where we actively work on them.

### folder layout

```
1. introduction
2. templates
3. <topic 1>
   - problems
   - solutions
   - projects
4. ...
```

> how should I structure the "problems", "solutions", and "projects"? because some solutions might repeat themselves. talk about it in the templates.

### guiding questions / theme

- what are the problems in this topic?
- what things could have negative effects in this topic?
- what solutions can solve those problems?
- what things could have positive effects and try resolve parts of the problems?
- what projects can we do using the solutions to solve the problems?

## 2. Incubator

used as a portfolio, listing all the projects and ideas I'm incubating and working on.
If there will be a community I will add it's projects here as well, or maybe list only them for more focused content following this website's vision.

### folder layout

```
1. introduction
2. templates
3. ideas
    - <idea 1>
    - ...
4. projects
    - <project 1>
    - ...
```

### guiding questions / theme

- what ideas do we have?
- what projects are we working on?

## 3. Academy

share tutorials, howtos, guides and troubleshooting journals on different subjects.
I want all of this to be delivered as best as possible, and in different ways like articles or videos.

### folder layout

```
1. introduction
2. templates
3. <topic 1>
    - general articles
        - <article 1>
        - ...
    - howtos
        - <guide 1>
        - ...
    - issues
        - <troubleshooting journal 1>
        - ...
4. ...
```

> in the templates define what is "general article", "howto guide" and an "issue", what each consists of and how to decide where belongs each thing that I'm writing.

### guiding questions / theme

- what should I know about the topic?
- how do I do stuff in this topic?
- What should I do when I get an issue in this topic?

## 4. Observatory

store collections of keywords that we encountered and want to acknowledge, understand and better remember.
this also allows us to sort of see a short (hopefully) map of the key things a topic consists of.

### folder layout

```
1. introduction
2. <topic 1>
    - keywords
    - personals and organizations
3. ...
```

> think of a better way to divide the keywords into stuff, like: concepts, methods, etc.

### guiding questions / theme

- what are the keyword of this topic?
- what should I know when learning about this topic?

## 5. Bazaar

share small and random day to day facts and things we have learned.

### folder layout

```
1. introduction
2.
```

> I have no clue how to divide it as it pure randomness. maybe just to general topics is enough.

### guiding questions / theme

-

## 6. Forge

talk about ourselves, what are we made of and how to improve ourselves generally and our day to day life.

### folder layout

```
1. introduction
2. templates
3. tools and methods
3. mental
4. physical
```

### guiding questions / theme

- how can I improve myself?
- what tools should I use to improve myself?

## About

a small about me page. also I might include here in depth stuff about the thought path of things in this project.

### folder layout

```
1. about me
2. vision
3. in depth structure
4. formatting our page
```

### guiding questions / theme

- what was the thinking path of this project?
- why things done as they do?
