# Tech Stack

Following our vision, we need to decide on a solution and its technology stack.

## Features We Want

we need it to fulfill all the "must have" features we are seeking.

- simple - not too complicated solution, easy to learn and apply technology.
- no overwhelming integrations - avoid too much third-party tools and integration.
- formatting and templating - have a way to easily template and format content we write so we can keep everything in the same standard.
- accessible table of contents - for easier navigation.
- search engine -

## Components

the technology stack should consist of part or all of the following components:

- Frontend - tools and frameworks that format and style the content of the web pages, their visual layout, interactivity with the user in the client side.
  - vanila (html, css, javascript), react js, next js, Tailwind CSS, docusaurus
- Backend - server side computing and handling requests.
  - node (with express.js), python (flask, django, fastapi)
- DB - store and manage data.
  - reddis, mysql, mongodb
- CI-CD - testing and deploying changes from the source code to the hosting endpoint.
  - github actions
- Other - ?
  - hugo, gatsby,

Im no frontend developer, I like python, and I think I can learn anything pretty fast, but I don't want to complicate stuff just because I can.

## Hosting

Where should I host the website? where should I get the domain?

- vercel
- github pages
- cloudflare
- netlify

> explain what each one demands and offers. for example github pages are free but work only with static pages(?).

# Common Solutions

- react.js with flask
- next.js with flask
- write markdown and use jekyll
- write markdown and use mkdocs

# Final Decision

mkdocs for now.

# sources of inspiration

## portfolios

1. https://github.com/HamishMW/portfolio
   - technology stack: next.js, three.js, remix
   - hosted: cloudflare
2.
